docs(guide): follow google style guide (#4831)
googleapis/google-cloud-rust: guide/src/storage/striped_downloads.md

The performance of these downloads depends on:

> - The I/O subsystem: if your local storage is not fast enough the downloads will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The I/O subsystem: if your local storage is not fast enough, you may be throttled by the I/O.
```

Author: Thanks, I think your wording is better, but I am going to apply this change and then edit the result slightly.
